#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-apigateway==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudfront==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions==1.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws_codebuild==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-codecommit==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws_codepipeline==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions==1.117.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-cognito==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecs==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-events-targets==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk.aws-globalaccelerator==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk.aws_iam==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-kinesis==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws_kms==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-lambda==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws_s3==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
aws-cdk.aws-sam==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.117.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
aws-cdk.core==1.117.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.region-info==1.117.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.core
boto3==1.18.16
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.21.16
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==1.6.0
    # via jsii
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-cli
colorama==0.4.4
    # via click
constructs==3.3.117
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
databricks-cli==0.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dynaconf==3.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.2
    # via requests
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.32.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.26.0
    # via databricks-cli
s3transfer==0.5.0
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   python-dateutil
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via databricks-cli
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via jsii
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests

